**DAMAGED AREAS AND BUILDINGS – ŞANLIURFA LOCATION OF AFAD**

Firstly, I imported datas given to me about damaged areas and buildings because of 6 February earthquakes. Secondly, I chose a topic about mitigating effects of the earthquake. My topic is location of AFAD in earthquake areas. When I chose this topic, my objective is determine the distance of AFAD to the earthquake zones. In this way, we can determine the how soon AFAD might arrive to earthquake zones.Whatever, after that, I found the coordinates location of AFAD in zones. Then, I converted this what I found decimal degrees to standart UTM for imported to QGIS as ‘’.csv’’. After that, I made ‘’.csv’’ file included UTM coordinates and I imported to QGIS. Finally, in example, I showed the location of AFAD in Şanlıurfa on the map. (CAN UYMAZ)

﻿**DAMAGED AREAS AND BUILDINGS – ŞANLIURFA LOCATION OF AFAD**
 
 Firstly, I imported datas given to me about damaged areas and buildings because of 6 February earthquakes. Secondly, I chose my second topic about mitigating effects of the earthquake. My topic is location of assembly areas in earthquake zones. When I chose this topic, my objective is provide the people easily arrive to assembly areas. In this way, people can find the assembly areas in emergency. Whatever, after that, I found the coordinates location of assembly areas in zones. Then, I converted this what I found decimal degrees to standart UTM for imported to QGIS as ‘’.csv’’. After that, I made ‘’.csv’’ file included UTM coordinates and I imported to QGIS. Finally, in example, I showed the location of assembly areas in Hatay on the map. (CAN UYMAZ)
